the 1954 Willys pickup in the works came
a little bit of an example here what's
going on it's 1954 Willy's body it's on
a 1977 blazer chassis slowly getting
there I put a tilt telescopic wheel in
it
still got the automatic transmission I
have the box off I'm getting ready to do
some painting as soon as I get the
bodywork done I've got a few more things
to do to the frame and the exhaust
mounts fuel supply I'm going to use the
old blazer tank put a four inch lift on
it which was off another blazer that I
had got
38-inch mutters the seats that are in it
I got one just sitting here for moving
it around but the seats are out of a 67
GTO they fit pretty nice in there too
got a little bit of for repairs to do
yet put stainless steel brake cables on
it
Rancho rs.6000 shocks power steering
unit dap it to the column Chev 350
pretty much stock right now just so I
can get things together radiator which
will need to be refurbished but will
work gonna have power brakes everything
the blazar had basically just got a lot
of body work to do well we'll have
another update later